# Entry 2
##### 11/6/25

## The Research I've Done (Content)
For my topic of medicinal chemistry, the approaches to fully understanding the topic is difficult as in websites there are many dictations of chemical symbols and tools that I am not familiar with. Using tools like the ctrl + f command in google, I've gotten valuable information from many different websites like [this](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/7-useful-mobile-apps-drug-discovery-professionals-andrii-buvailo), and [this](https://chem.libretexts.org/Bookshelves/Analytical_Chemistry/Physical_Methods_in_Chemistry_and_Nano_Science_(Barron)/04%3A_Chemical_Speciation/4.07%3A_NMR_Spectroscopy). These websites contain the hardware and apps that I have researched on the topic of medicinal chemistry, demonstrating existing technology including apps like PolyPharma, which is an educational app, providing modeling tools. A hardware that I researched into is the Nuclear Magnetic Resnonance (NMR), where the hardware analyzes nuclear structures and determines what properties it contain. I found these tools online due to googling hardware and I looked into things that I wasn't familiar with, like PolyPharma and the Nuclear Magnetic Resonance. From also watching youtube videos, I have learned that many people outside of this field of research are not acquainted with the tools of medicinal chemistry, so I took this into consideration and picked a hardware to demonstrate for my blog.

## Engineering Design Process
I am currently on step 2 of the engineering design process, researching the problem. Researching the problems associated with Medicinal Chemistry, I found that the issues with the hardware is that the analyzing processs and the purification process is too slow, and it is also super complex. These problems I found through googling, searching "what are the issues with medicinal chemistry hardware" then I searched through [this website](https://oxfordglobal.com/discovery-development/resources/automation-in-medicinal-chemistry) which talked about software glitches and other technical issues in automation for medicinal chemistry. Because the problem is associated with humans manually operating the hardware, a solution I found is to implement the analyzation of artificial intelligence, where it can be used to analyze bio-properties and chemical-properties faster. My plans for brainstorming solutions is going to be taking the combined knowledge of different websites and see what the most frequent problem appears to be, making my brainstorming solutions a little bit less tedious.

## Skills
During the time of my research for the topic, I was confused on the directions of entry 2, and the skill that I improved to get informed is communication. I talked to my classmates both online and in physical contact, and they guided me to the directions of the blog entry. I've improved on the basis of asking for help, and not just sitting back and being lost. Another skill that I've improved on is using keyboard shortcuts to help me with my research. For example when I used ctrl + f to find what I was looking for when I was scrolling through a website that spoke about my topic. Overall, these skills help me improve as both a person and a student.

[Previous](entry01.md) | [Next](entry03.md)

[Home](../README.md)
